Update release doc with best practice for creating changelog (#1595)
astronomer/astro-sdk: python-sdk/docs/development/RELEASE.md

## Updating the changelog

The first step to creating a release is identifying what changed from the previous release and adding a description to the [CHANGELOG.md](../CHANGELOG.md).

One way to identify what changed from the previous release is to use a comparison URL between the previous release branch and the main branch.

Example -
```https://github.com/astronomer/astro-sdk/compare/1.3.3...main```

> This will show all the commits that are in the main branch but not in the release branch. Using this we can note all the changes significant enough to be mentioned in CHANGELOGS.

Author: ```suggestion
This will show all the commits that are in the main branch but not in the release branch. Using this we can note all the changes significant enough to be mentioned in CHANGELOGS.

```

## Updating the changelog

The first step to creating a release is identifying what changed from the previous release and adding a description to the [CHANGELOG.md](../CHANGELOG.md).

One way to identify what changed from the previous release is to use a comparison URL between the previous release branch and the main branch.

Example -

> [https://github.com/astronomer/astro-sdk/compare/1.3.3...main](https://github.com/astronomer/astro-sdk/compare/1.3.3...main)

Reviewer: is this also show the commit which has been released in a minor release? let's say I'm looking for a changelog of 1.5.0 and looking at the result of URL https://github.com/astronomer/astro-sdk/compare/1.4.0...main

Author: @pankajastro  It will show you the diff that is, only the new commits added to the main branch since you released 1.4.0.

For example:

commit - 1  <- main branch
commit - 2
commit - 3   <- 1.4.0 release tag
commit - 4
commit - 5

```https://github.com/astronomer/astro-sdk/compare/1.4.0...main```
The above link will result in:

commit - 1 <- main branch 
commit - 2

## Updating the changelog

The first step to creating a release is identifying what changed from the previous release and adding a description to the [CHANGELOG.md](../CHANGELOG.md).

> One way to identify what changed from the previous release is to raise a dummy PR from the main branch to the previous release branch. This will show all the commits that are in the main branch but not in the release branch. Using this we can note all the changes significant enough to be mentioned in CHANGELOGS.

Reviewer 2: I think using the comparing URL is better..WDYT ..for example to compare `main` to `1.3.3`

`https://github.com/astronomer/astro-sdk/compare/main...1.3.3`

Reviewer 3: I like @phanikumv 's suggestion, it is always good to avoid dummy PRs if we can

> One way to identify what changed from the previous release is to raise a dummy PR from the main branch to the previous release branch. This will show all the commits that are in the main branch but not in the release branch. Using this we can note all the changes significant enough to be mentioned in CHANGELOGS.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
One way to identify what changed from the previous release is to compare the main branch against the previous release branch using the Astro SDK repository's [compare URL](https://github.com/astronomer/astro-sdk/compare/). This will show all the commits that are in the main branch but not in the release branch. Using this we can note all the changes significant enough to be mentioned in CHANGELOGS.
```

Author: Taken this suggestion. :)

> One way to identify what changed from the previous release is to raise a dummy PR from the main branch to the previous release branch. This will show all the commits that are in the main branch but not in the release branch. Using this we can note all the changes significant enough to be mentioned in CHANGELOGS.

Author: ```suggestion
One way to identify what changed from the previous release is to use a comparison URL between the previous release branch and the main branch.

Example -
```https://github.com/astronomer/astro-sdk/compare/1.3.3...main```

This will show all the commits that are in the main branch but not in the release branch. Using this we can note all the changes significant enough to be mentioned in CHANGELOGS.
```
